Update backup-and-restore-overview.md (#20358)
pingcap/docs: br/backup-and-restore-overview.md

> **Note:**
>

> > Known issue: Starting from version v7.2.0, fields of some system tables in newly created clusters become case-sensitive. However, for clusters that are **upgraded online** from versions earlier than v7.2.0 to v7.2.0 or later, the corresponding fields remain case-insensitive. Restore with system tables from backup taken from clusters with those case-insensitive fields to clusters with the case-sensitive fields or vise verse will fail. For more details, see [Issue #43717](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/43717).

Author: ```suggestion
> Known issue: Starting from version v7.2.0, fields of some system tables in newly created clusters become case-sensitive. However, for clusters that are **upgraded online** from versions earlier than v7.2.0 to v7.2.0 or later, the corresponding fields remain case-insensitive. Backup and restore operations involving system tables between these two types of clusters will fail. For more details, see [Issue #43717](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/43717).
```
